TELCODOCS-642: Factory precaching tool (#53180)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-pre-staging-downloading-artifacts.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-pre-staging-tool.adoc

:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ztp-downloading-images_{context}"]
= Downloading the images

The {factory-prestaging-tool} allows you to download the following images to your partitioned server:

* {product-title} images
* Operator images that are included in the distributed unit (DU) profile for 5G RAN sites
* Operator images from disconnected registries

[NOTE]
====
The list of available Operator images can vary in different {product-title} releases.
====

[id="ztp-preparing-ocp-images_{context}"]
== Preparing to download the {product-title} images

> To download the {product-title} container images, you need the current version of {rh-rhacm-first} to provision the {sno}.

Reviewer: ,you need to know the RHACM version running in the hub cluster that is going to provision and manage the single-node OpenShift.

> The version of the hub cluster determines which Assisted Installer (AI) container images are used by the {sno} to provision and report the inventory and progress of the spoke cluster.

Reviewer: determines which Multicluster Engine (MCE) , I think now Assisted is part of the MCE operator.

----

. Query the AI version on your hub cluster:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get cm assisted-service -n open-cluster-management -oyaml | \ <1>
grep -E "AGENT_DOCKER_IMAGE|CONTROLLER_IMAGE|INSTALLER_IMAGE"
----
<1> The namespace can differ based on the installed {rh-rhacm} version.

. Save the output, which is required for downloading the artifacts.

+
.Example output for AI version
[source,terminal]
----
AGENT_DOCKER_IMAGE: registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/assisted-installer-agent-rhel8@sha256:da1753f9fcb9e229d0a68de03fac90d15023e647a8db531ae489eb93845d5306
CONTROLLER_IMAGE: registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/assisted-installer-reporter-rhel8@sha256:e8d6b78248352b1a8e05a22308185a468d4a139682d997a7f968b329abbc02cd
INSTALLER_IMAGE: registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/assisted-installer-rhel8@sha256:33abd6e21cfdc36dd4337fa6f3c3442d33fc3f976471614dca5b8ef749e7a027
----

. To access the container registry, copy a valid pull secret on the server to be installed:

.. Create the `.docker` folder:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ mkdir /root/.docker
----

> .. Copy the `config.json` file to the previously created `.docker` folder:

Reviewer: Copy the valid pull secret named 'config.json' to the... or renamed to... 

I mean, a valid pull secret to pull the images in the usual json format. The point is that it needs to be in the /root/.docker folder and named as config.json so it is the default path to be used by the container tools in the server or inside the container since it is mounted (-v /root/.docker).

[NOTE]
====
If you use a different registry to pull the required artifacts, you need to copy the proper pull secret.
If the local registry uses TLS, you need to include the certificates from the registry as well.
====

[id="ztp-downloading-ocp-images_{context}"]
== Downloading the {product-title} images

The {factory-prestaging-tool} allows you to precache all the container images required to provision a specific {product-title} release.

.Procedure

. Pre-cache the release by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
# podman run -v /mnt:/mnt -v /root/.docker:/root/.docker --privileged --rm quay.io/openshift-kni/telco-ran-tools -- \
   factory-precaching-cli download -r 4.11.5 -f /mnt \
   --ai-img registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/assisted-installer-agent-rhel8@sha256:da1753f9fcb9e229d0a68de03fac90d15023e647a8db531ae489eb93845d5306 \
   --ai-img registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/assisted-installer-reporter-rhel8@sha256:e8d6b78248352b1a8e05a22308185a468d4a139682d997a7f968b329abbc02cd \
   --ai-img registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/assisted-installer-rhel8@sha256:33abd6e21cfdc36dd4337fa6f3c3442d33fc3f976471614dca5b8ef749e7a027 \

>    --img quay.io/user/troubleshoot

Author: @alosadagrande Based on your other comments, I assume any `quay.io/user/troubleshoot` instances are incorrect as well? What does the factory-cli `--img` flag do? Is this where the images can be found?

Reviewer: no, that's ok. The --img flag basically pre-caches any image you set there. The idea is for instance if you have some custom or corporate images that you use in your deployment you can just include them, so they will be downloaded and pre-cached in the installation stage.

----

+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
Generated /mnt/imageset.yaml
Generating list of pre-cached artifacts...
Processing artifact [1/176]: ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256_6ac2b96bf4899c01a87366fd0feae9f57b1b61878e3b5823da0c3f34f707fbf5
Processing artifact [2/176]: ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256_f48b68d5960ba903a0d018a10544ae08db5802e21c2fa5615a14fc58b1c1657c
Processing artifact [3/176]: ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256_a480390e91b1c07e10091c3da2257180654f6b2a735a4ad4c3b69dbdb77bbc06
Processing artifact [4/176]: ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256_ecc5d8dbd77e326dba6594ff8c2d091eefbc4d90c963a9a85b0b2f0e6155f995
Processing artifact [5/176]: ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256_274b6d561558a2f54db08ea96df9892315bb773fc203b1dbcea418d20f4c7ad1
Processing artifact [6/176]: ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256_e142bf5020f5ca0d1bdda0026bf97f89b72d21a97c9cc2dc71bf85050e822bbf
...
Processing artifact [175/176]: ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256_16cd7eda26f0fb0fc965a589e1e96ff8577e560fcd14f06b5fda1643036ed6c8
Processing artifact [176/176]: ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256_cf4d862b4a4170d4f611b39d06c31c97658e309724f9788e155999ae51e7188f
----

.Verification

> . Check that all the images are compressed in the target folder of the bare-metal server:

Reviewer: why bare-metal? I know it is mainly targeting bare-metal servers in telco, but we did not mention that bare-metal server is a prereq. WDYT?

Author: I'm not sure where bare-metal came from, so I removed it. It just says "...folder of the server." to not cause any confusion.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-pre-staging-tool.adoc

:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ztp-downloading-images_{context}"]
= Downloading the images

The {factory-prestaging-tool} allows you to download the following images to your partitioned server:

* {product-title} images
* Operator images that are included in the distributed unit (DU) profile for 5G RAN sites
* Operator images from disconnected registries

[NOTE]
====
The list of available Operator images can vary in different {product-title} releases.
====

[id="ztp-preparing-ocp-images_{context}"]
== Preparing to download the {product-title} images

To download the {product-title} container images, you need to know the {rh-rhacm-first} version running in the hub cluster that is going to provision the {sno}.
The version of the hub cluster determines which multicluster engine (MCE) container images are used by the {sno} to provision and report the inventory and progress of the spoke cluster.

> .Prerequisites

Reviewer 2: RHACM and Multicluster engine (MCE) are prereqs I think

* You partitioned the storage device.
* You have enough space for the images on the partitioned device.
* You connected the bare-metal server to the Internet.
* You have a valid pull secret.

.Procedure

. Check the {rh-rhacm} and Multicluster engine (MCE) version by running the following commands in the hub cluster:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get csv -A | grep -i advanced-cluster-management
----

+

> .Example output for {rh-rhacm} version

Reviewer 2: Nit

```suggestion
.Example output
```

[source,terminal]
----
open-cluster-management                            advanced-cluster-management.v2.5.4           Advanced Cluster Management for Kubernetes   2.5.4                 advanced-cluster-management.v2.5.3                Succeeded
----

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get csv -A | grep -i multicluster-engine
----

+

> .Example output for MCE version

Reviewer 2: Nit

```suggestion
.Example output
```

multicluster-engine                                multicluster-engine.v2.0.4                   multicluster engine for Kubernetes           2.0.4                 multicluster-engine.v2.0.3                        Succeeded
multicluster-engine                                openshift-gitops-operator.v1.5.7             Red Hat OpenShift GitOps                     1.5.7                 openshift-gitops-operator.v1.5.6-0.1664915551.p   Succeeded
multicluster-engine                                openshift-pipelines-operator-rh.v1.6.4       Red Hat OpenShift Pipelines                  1.6.4                 openshift-pipelines-operator-rh.v1.6.3            Succeeded
----

. Query the AI version on your hub cluster:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get cm assisted-service -n open-cluster-management -oyaml | \ <1>
grep -E "AGENT_DOCKER_IMAGE|CONTROLLER_IMAGE|INSTALLER_IMAGE"
----
<1> The namespace can differ based on the installed {rh-rhacm} version.

. Save the output, which is required for downloading the artifacts.

+

> .Example output for AI version

Reviewer 2: Nit

```suggestion
.Example output
```

[source,terminal]
----
AGENT_DOCKER_IMAGE: registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/assisted-installer-agent-rhel8@sha256:da1753f9fcb9e229d0a68de03fac90d15023e647a8db531ae489eb93845d5306
CONTROLLER_IMAGE: registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/assisted-installer-reporter-rhel8@sha256:e8d6b78248352b1a8e05a22308185a468d4a139682d997a7f968b329abbc02cd
INSTALLER_IMAGE: registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/assisted-installer-rhel8@sha256:33abd6e21cfdc36dd4337fa6f3c3442d33fc3f976471614dca5b8ef749e7a027
----

. To access the container registry, copy a valid pull secret on the server to be installed:

.. Create the `.docker` folder:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ mkdir /root/.docker
----

> .. Copy the valid pull secret, named `config.json`, to the previously created `.docker` folder:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Copy the pull secret in the file `config.json` to the previously created `.docker` folder:
```

.Procedure

. Pre-cache the release by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
# podman run -v /mnt:/mnt -v /root/.docker:/root/.docker --privileged --rm quay.io/openshift-kni/telco-ran-tools -- \
   factory-precaching-cli download \ <1>
   -r 4.11.5 \ <2>
   -f /mnt \ <3>
   --ai-img registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/ assisted-installer-agent-rhel8@sha256:da1753f9fcb9e229d0a68de03fac90d15023e647a8db531ae489eb93845d5306 \ <4>
   --ai-img registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/assisted-installer-reporter-rhel8@sha256:e8d6b78248352b1a8e05a22308185a468d4a139682d997a7f968b329abbc02cd \ <4>
   --ai-img registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/assisted-installer-rhel8@sha256:33abd6e21cfdc36dd4337fa6f3c3442d33fc3f976471614dca5b8ef749e7a027 \ <4>
   --img quay.io/custom/repository <5>
----
<1> Specifies the downloading function of the {factory-prestaging-tool}.
<2> Defines the {product-title} release version.
<3> Defines the folder where you want to download the images on the disk.
<4> Defines the MCE and AI artifacts required for provisioning.

> <5> Defines the repository where you store your additional images. These images will be downloaded and pre-cached on the disk.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<5> Defines the repository where you store your additional images. These images are downloaded and pre-cached on the disk.
```

               minVersion: 2.0.4
               maxVersion: 2.0.4
        - name: local-storage-operator <4>
          channels:
            - name: 'stable'
        - name: ptp-operator <4>
          channels:
            - name: 'stable'
        - name: sriov-network-operator <4>
          channels:
            - name: 'stable'
        - name: cluster-logging <4>
          channels:
            - name: 'stable'
    - catalog: registry.redhat.io/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11
      packages:
        - name: sriov-fec <4>
          channels:
            - name: 'stable'
----
<1> The platform versions match the versions passed to the tool.
<2> The CR contains the additional images.
<3> The versions of {rh-rhacm} and MCE Operators match the versions passed to the tool.
<4> The CR contains all the specified DU Operators.

. Customize the catalog resource in the CR:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: mirror.openshift.io/v1alpha2
kind: ImageSetConfiguration
mirror:
  platform:
[...]
  operators:
    - catalog: eko4.cloud.lab.eng.bos.redhat.com:8443/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11
      packages:
        - name: sriov-fec
          channels:
            - name: 'stable'
----

> When you download images by using a local or disconnected registry, you have to first add certificates for the registries that you want to pull the content from.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+
When you download images by using a local or disconnected registry, you have to first add certificates for the registries that you want to pull the content from.
```

> . To avoid any errors, copy the registry certificate into your server:

Reviewer 2: The procedure steps have started from 1 again here.

----

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get csv -A | grep -i multicluster-engine
----

.Example output for MCE version
[source,terminal]
----
multicluster-engine                                cluster-group-upgrades-operator.v0.0.3       cluster-group-upgrades-operator              0.0.3                                                                   Pending
multicluster-engine                                multicluster-engine.v2.0.4                   multicluster engine for Kubernetes           2.0.4                 multicluster-engine.v2.0.3                        Succeeded
multicluster-engine                                openshift-gitops-operator.v1.5.7             Red Hat OpenShift GitOps                     1.5.7                 openshift-gitops-operator.v1.5.6-0.1664915551.p   Succeeded
multicluster-engine                                openshift-pipelines-operator-rh.v1.6.4       Red Hat OpenShift Pipelines                  1.6.4                 openshift-pipelines-operator-rh.v1.6.3            Succeeded
----

> //MCE is a prereq of ACM, so it's installed with ACM. If you install ACM 2.5, will MCE 2.0 install by default? Are these pairings "set" in this way?

Reviewer 3: @alosadagrande?

Reviewer: Yes, if you install ACM, then the proper MCE version will be installed as well. However, I think you can just install MCE standalone. Also as asked to RHACM folks, once you have your ACM/MCE operators running you can upgrade MCE to a different version than the one expected.

AFAIK there is no official matrix published, [here](https://coreos.slack.com/archives/CTDEY6EEA/p1666798259261459?thread_ts=1666779223.049819&cid=CTDEY6EEA) you can find more info.

-rw-r--r--. 1 root root  158048761 Oct 31 15:40 ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256_f914228ddbb99120986262168a705903a9f49724ffa958bb4bf12b2ec1d7fb47.tgz
-rw-r--r--. 1 root root  167914526 Oct 31 15:37 ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256_fa3ca9401c7a9efda0502240aeb8d3ae2d239d38890454f17fe5158b62305010.tgz
-rw-r--r--. 1 root root  164432422 Oct 31 15:24 ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256_fc4783b446c70df30b3120685254b40ce13ba6a2b0bf8fb1645f116cf6a392f1.tgz
-rw-r--r--. 1 root root  306643814 Oct 31 15:11 troubleshoot@sha256_b86b8aea29a818a9c22944fd18243fa0347c7a2bf1ad8864113ff2bb2d8e0726.tgz
----

[id="ztp-downloading-operator-images_{context}"]
== Downloading the Operator images

You can also pre-cache Day 2 Operators used in the 5G Radio Access Network (RAN) Distributed Unit (DU) cluster configuration. The Day 2 Operators depend on the installed {product-title} version.

[IMPORTANT]
====
You need to include the {rh-rhacm} hub version, so that the {factory-prestaging-tool} can pre-stage the appropriate containers images for the {rh-rhacm} and MCE Operators.
====

.Procedure

. Pre-cache the Operator images:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> # podman run -v /mnt:/mnt -v /root/.docker:/root/.docker --privileged -it --rm quay.io/user/telco-ran-tools:acm-versioning -- factory-precaching-cli \

Reviewer 3: I've got an open PR (https://github.com/openshift-kni/telco-ran-tools/pull/62) that also fixes up a couple things in our downloading doc:
1. Image ref should be `quay.io/openshift-kni/telco-ran-tools:latest` in all `podman run` cases
2. The `-it` options aren't needed (but have no ill-effect)
3. The `--acm-hub` option is misnamed, presumably stale from early naming in dev, and should be updated to `--hub-version`. As well, it is a required option for the download command, so has been added to all examples in our doc (and should therefore be added to the example command above at line 118)

    --img quay.io/alosadag/troubleshoot \
    --du-profile --acm-hub 2.5.4 -s <1>
----
<1> The `--du-profile` argument specifies pre-staging the Operators included in the DU configuration.

.Example output
+
[source,terminal]
----
Generated /mnt/imageset.yaml
Generating list of pre-cached artifacts...
Processing artifact [1/379]: ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256_7753a8d9dd5974be8c90649aadd7c914a3d8a1f1e016774c7ac7c9422e9f9958
Processing artifact [2/379]: ose-kube-rbac-proxy@sha256_c27a7c01e5968aff16b6bb6670423f992d1a1de1a16e7e260d12908d3322431c
Processing artifact [3/379]: ocp-v4.0-art-dev@sha256_370e47a14c798ca3f8707a38b28cfc28114f492bb35fe1112e55d1eb51022c99
...
Processing artifact [378/379]: ose-local-storage-operator@sha256_0c81c2b79f79307305e51ce9d3837657cf9ba5866194e464b4d1b299f85034d0
Processing artifact [379/379]: multicluster-operators-channel-rhel8@sha256_c10f6bbb84fe36e05816e873a72188018856ad6aac6cc16271a1b3966f73ceb3
----

[id="ztp-custom-pre-caching-in-disconnected-environment_{context}"]
== Pre-caching custom images in disconnected environments

> By default, the {factory-prestaging-tool} enables the argument `--generate-imageset`. This argument creates an `imageset` custom resource definition (CRD) including the {product-title} release and the optional DU Operators. The `imageset` CRD generates an `ImageSetConfiguration` custom resource (CR) based on the arguments passed to the tool.

Reviewer 3: I should update this section of our doc, as well, as this isn't quite accurate. The `--generate-imageset` argument isn't enabled by default. Rather, it tells the tool to halt after generating the imageset config file, without performing any image downloads. In conjunction with the `--skip-imageset` option, this gives the user an opportunity to customize the imageset config file as desired. Essentially, these two options split the procedure into two separate stages.

Author: I rephrased it, PTAL:
> The `--generate-imageset` argument stops the {factory-prestaging-tool} after the `ImageSetConfiguration` custom resource (CR) is generated. This allows you to customize the `ImageSetConfiguration` CR before downloading any images. After you customized the CR, you can use the `--skip-imageset` argument to download the images that you specified in the `ImageSetConfiguration` CR.

. Customize the catalog resource in the CR:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: mirror.openshift.io/v1alpha2
kind: ImageSetConfiguration
mirror:
  platform:
---
  operators:
    - catalog: eko4.cloud.lab.eng.bos.redhat.com:8443/redhat/redhat-operator-index:v4.11 <1>
      packages:
        - name: advanced-cluster-management
          channels:
             - name: 'release-2.6'
             - name: 'release-2.5'
               minVersion: 2.5.4
               maxVersion: 2.5.4
        - name: multicluster-engine
          channels:
             - name: 'stable-2.1'
             - name: 'stable-2.0'
               minVersion: 2.0.4
               maxVersion: 2.0.4
        - name: local-storage-operator
          channels:
            - name: 'stable'
        - name: ptp-operator
          channels:
            - name: 'stable'
        - name: sriov-network-operator
          channels:
            - name: 'stable'
        - name: cluster-logging
          channels:
            - name: 'stable'
    - catalog: eko4.cloud.lab.eng.bos.redhat.com:8443/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11 <1>
----
<1> The catalog source is changed from an official Red Hat registry.

> // On line 315 and 341 we have the same field with the same value, equal identation. Is that intentional? If yes, what does each one do?

Reviewer 3: It's actually a different value, with line 341 referencing the certified-operator-index catalog, vs the redhat-operator-index catalog on line 315. I think this is intended to be a truncated example in the downloading.md doc, with a `...` to indicate the truncation. The key here being that the hostname for the catalog reference is modified from the previous example. @alosadagrande can you confirm?
So the untruncated example would be:
```
    - catalog: eko4.cloud.lab.eng.bos.redhat.com:8443/redhat/certified-operator-index:v4.11
      packages:
        - name: sriov-fec
          channels:
            - name: 'stable'
```

Reviewer: Yes, it is intended. This is referring to a specific use case: disconnected environments. Unlike the ocp-release images, the factory-prestaging-tool can query the disconnected catalog source and pull down the proper images from the disconnected registry instead of the RH registry.

I think this is going to be the usual use case in telco where disconnected environments are usual.

+
[source,terminal]
----
# update-ca-trust
----

. Mount the host `/etc/pki` folder into the factory-cli image:
+
[source,terminal]
----
# podman run -v /mnt:/mnt -v /root/.docker:/root/.docker -v /etc/pki:/etc/pki --privileged -it --rm quay.io/user/telco-ran-tools:acm-versioning -- \
    factory-precaching-cli download -r 4.11.5 -f /mnt \
    --ai-img registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/assisted-installer-agent-rhel8@sha256:da1753f9fcb9e229d0a68de03fac90d15023e647a8db531ae489eb93845d5306 \
    --ai-img registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/assisted-installer-reporter-rhel8@sha256:e8d6b78248352b1a8e05a22308185a468d4a139682d997a7f968b329abbc02cd \
    --ai-img registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/assisted-installer-rhel8@sha256:33abd6e21cfdc36dd4337fa6f3c3442d33fc3f976471614dca5b8ef749e7a027 \
    --img quay.io/user/troubleshoot \
    --du-profile --acm-hub 2.5.4 -s \
    --skip-imageset
----

////
Could we have an example where this goes through? I feel like it makes more sense to include adding the certs before the user encounters the error. Let's point it out and add the steps here. I can include a troubleshooting section in case they skip adding the certs

> Also, if we do it this way, the remaining step might not be required, if I understand it correctly.

Reviewer 3: If you mean the `--skip-imageset` step, this is paired with the `--generate-imageset` option to split the procedure.

@alosadagrande, correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe the intent here is that the user must add whatever certs are needed for accessing the disconnected registries. It's not that this is being done if an error occurs - it's a required step for accessing the disconnected registry. So the steps at a high level for using a disconnected registry would be:

1. Run `factory-precaching-cli download --generate-imageset`
2. Update generated imageset.yaml to replace catalog servers/references with disconnected registry server
3. Install required certificate for accessing registry server
4. Run `factory-precaching-cli download --skip-imageset` to perform the image downloads using the modified imageset.yaml

So step 3, installing the certs, could be done at any point before step 4... If you don't do this step, you'll get failures during that final step, as the image download requests will get rejected.

Author: I meant an example where you added the certs and you successfully downloaded the images. However, looking at it now, that might not be needed.

On the other half of my question/suggestion: The structure in the upstream docs was my main issue because it showed extra steps that could be avoided. Even more simplified, it was:
1. Generate ImageSetConfig.
2. Modify ImageSetConfig.
3. Try downloading the images.
4. Get error.
5. Resolve the issue by adding the certs.
6. Download the images.

So to avoid seeing the error at all, I restructured it to:
1. Generate ImageSetConfig.
2. Modify ImageSetConfig.
3. Add certs.
4. Download the images.

I think we're on the same page, but I wanted to clear up my initial q, just in case :)

Reviewer: Exactly. If you're going to pull images from a disconnected registry you need to include the proper certificates. In this case, since we are using a container image we need to mount the host's PKI folder.

Notice that this is the case in disconnected environments, and concretely, when you replace the catalog source with a disconnected one. In that case, you need to pull the catalog source (from a non-RH registry) and that catalog source will tell you the location (non-RH registry) of the operators required to be pre-cached.

////

. Download the images without generating a new `imageSetConfiguration` CR:
+
[source,terminal]
----
# podman run -v /mnt:/mnt -v /root/.docker:/root/.docker --privileged -it --rm quay.io/user/telco-ran-tools:acm-versioning -- factory-precaching-cli \
    download -r 4.11.5 -f /mnt \
    --ai-img registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/assisted-installer-agent-rhel8@sha256:da1753f9fcb9e229d0a68de03fac90d15023e647a8db531ae489eb93845d5306 \
    --ai-img registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/assisted-installer-reporter-rhel8@sha256:e8d6b78248352b1a8e05a22308185a468d4a139682d997a7f968b329abbc02cd \
    --ai-img registry.redhat.io/multicluster-engine/assisted-installer-rhel8@sha256:33abd6e21cfdc36dd4337fa6f3c3442d33fc3f976471614dca5b8ef749e7a027 \
    --img quay.io/user/troubleshoot \
    --du-profile --acm-hub 2.5.4 -s \
    --skip-imageset <1>
----
<1> The `--skip-imageset` prevents a new `imageSetConfiguration` CR from being generated.

.Example output

> +

Reviewer 3: This example from the download.md doc is part of a "warning" section to show the error that occurs if you're trying to do the downloads from a disconnected registry without having the proper certificate installed.
